Added some trouble shooting points for macOS (Big Sur) setup (#33)
nstankov-bg/docs.plutus-community.com: book/docs/setup/MacOS.md

Cloned from [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/cardano/comments/mmzut6/macos_plutus_playground_build_instructions/)

Go give u/RikAlexander karma!

## Troubleshooting

### `nix-shell` exits with segmentation fault

Error message:
```bash

> $ nix-shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[$] nix-shell
```

[1]    296 segmentation fault  nix-shell
```

Solutions:

> - Comment out the line `withHoogle = false;` in `shell.nix` before running `nix-shell` like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Comment out the line `withHoogle = false;` in `shell.nix` before running `nix-shell`
```

obsolete 'like'

```nix
#withHoogle = false;
```
- Better: Switch to master branch, this issue (along with others) should be solved.
  E.g. the following fixes some more issues with macOS Big Sur
    - Commit: 34aa9c323ed6da68a11f41d41d5aca9f469aaf4b
    - Date: 23.04.2021

> ### `haskell-language-server` fails with segmentation fault / You do not get any Haskell editor-integration working

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `haskell-language-server` fails with segmentation fault / You can't get any Haskell editor-integration working
```

> - Problem: The problem described here boils down to running `haskell-language-server` in one of the plutus-pioneer-program repos and `haskell-language-server` fails with a segmentation fault

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Problem: running `[$] haskell-language-server` in one of the plutus-pioneer-program repos fails with a segmentation fault
```

Try keeping it as compact as possible 😊

```bash

> $ cd plutus-pioneer-program/code/week01

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[$] cd plutus-pioneer-program/code/week01
```

> $ haskell-language-server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[$] haskell-language-server
```

haskell-language-server version: 0.9.0.0 ...
...
[INFO] Using interface files cache dir: ghcide
[INFO] Making new HscEnv[plutus-pioneer-program-week01-0.1.0.0-inplace]
Segmentation fault: 11
```

Solution:
- Upgrade the `plutus` repo to a later release (maybe master branch).

>   Since `haskell-language-server` is in version 0.9.0.0 (as you can see in the first line after execution) and this version is not ready for macOS Big Sur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Since `haskell-language-server` has version 0.9.0.0 (as you can see in the first line after execution) and this version is not ready for macOS Big Sur.
```

> - Note: Probably this error occurs due to the linker changes introduced in macOS Big Sur, [see](https://github.com/input-output-hk/haskell.nix/issues/982)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_**Note**_ This error probably occurs due to the linker changes introduced in macOS Big Sur, [see](https://github.com/input-output-hk/haskell.nix/issues/982)
```

I'd keep the "notes" throughout the document the same

> ### `npm run start` for the plutus-playground-client fails with not found modules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `npm run start` for the `plutus-playground-client` fails with modules not found
```

> Problem: Server exist early with compilation errors. Complaining about modules it could not found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Problem: Server exits prematurely with compilation errors. Complaining about modules it could not find.
```

Ah got it, exits ! Instead of exist / exists .

Solution:
- Trigger rebuild of client:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

Should not be needed to mention after the whole document not mentioning it

> cd plutus-playground-client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[$] cd plutus-playground-client
```

> npm clean-install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[$] npm clean-install
```

```

> - Try to start client: `npm run start`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try to start client: `[$] npm run start`
```

> - If this is not suffiecient, try to clean up the git repo and redo the previous steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If this is insufficient, try cleaning up the git repo and redo the previous steps
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

same as above

> git clean -xfd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[$] git clean -xfd
```
